devx: refine planning process (#4073)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/dev/enablement/dev-experience/processes.md

3. [Roll out the change to our customers](#rollout-strategy).
   - Artifact: Sharing it in our channels (Slack and newsletter). Educating our customers about the change, and helping them adopt it.
4. Tracking adoption and feedback.
   - Artifact: feedback or metrics on adoption.

### Planned work

We use the [roadmap view](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/212/views/33) and [scratch documents](#scratch-documents) to asynchronously discuss our roadmap.

When planning work, the [relevant work lead](#work-leads) should:

- Work with the PM/EM to create the [roadmap tracking issue](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues?q=label%3Aroadmap+label%3Ateam%2Fdevx+sort%3Aupdated-desc) using the [tracking issue bot](../../process/tracking_issues.md). The tracking issue description should have the following:
  - **Problem**: Articulate the problem space and requirements.
  - **Scope**: Scope the work so that it can be completed in a single bet cycle, identifying:

>     - **Boundaries**: Define the focus areas for the work and what work is explicitly out of scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Boundaries**: Define what work is within the scope and what work is explicitly out of scope. (Out-of-scope boundaries, or "non-goals", are worth writing down and they help prevent scope creep.)
```

My suggestion is to make this wording more straightforward, and I added a note about the value of out-of-scope boundaries.

### Tracking

As of 2022-04-28, we use GitHub issues and projects to keep track of our work.

#### Dev Experience project

For a lower level view of our day-to-day progress, we use the [Dev Experience Github project](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/212/views/32). This board automatically imports issues with the `dx` or `team/devx` labels.

### Google Drive

We collect meeting notes and planning artifacts in a shared [Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d1scMzzmXM5uCEpKI06U9cc6zPF7g9wE).

#### Scratch documents

We encourage the liberal use of "scratch documents" - temporary, short-lived Google Docs that are used as discussion forums and a dump for ideas.
Concrete, permanent artefacts should be created from them, e.g. via the [planned work process](#planned-work).

> 

Reviewer 2: Considering they are located in a public repository, should we mention our scratch notebooks here, too?
